we're going to get some calls right now
let's talk to Casey from Vegas Casey
you're on Loveline is Loveline on in
Vegas now I guess so are we yeah you
hear us there that's a good thing
what's up Casey say hi to no doubt the
enthusiasm fills the room
what's up Casey okay I'm dating this
black guy and I'm white which is no big
deal but my parents I have this huge
problem with it they're like you know
biggest and so I told them before you
know that I'm dating him and they like
flipped out totally so no you can't date
a medium the telling me I can't date him
but I told him no and so finally they
won't leave me alone about it so I just
lied to them and told them that with his
friends how old are you I will see what
do you guys think I actually I
personally went through that problem he
wasn't black he was Indian and actually
it wasn't probably as severe as your
your situation but I definitely I mean
you're a person and you you have the
right to know what you think is wrong
and right and if you think that going
out with you know someone from another
race is right you should do it I mean I
don't think you should ruin your your
relationship with your parents I mean
that's a really that's actually
something that's more important than
some guy right now when you're that age
but I think that eventually you're going
to learn that your parents grew up in a
different time zone and and that kind of
stuff is not the 90s kind of thing
anymore
Gwen can I ask you a quick question
American Indian or 7-eleven India oh
nice
you know it's funny a good way to make
friends Adams been on the air for
minutes he's already gonna smack people
around glad I have a great sense of what
where are you from me personally yeah I
was born in England but my parents are
from India
oh great fantastic people there yeah we
just we choose to call ourselves Easter
dinner as opposed to people from
7-eleven oh okay well you know well I'm
from the valley we don't get any culture
over there what are you anyway Adam just
so I know because I want to insult you I
don't know what the hell you are
I'm a Guinea I'm a wop mm-hmm and I'm a
Dago okay those are all the same thing
okay so basically a retelling Casey that
may be what she should do is uh I mean
in this case should she lie to her
parents oh my gosh it's so hard to say
maybe she should use this time as a this
this relationship as a way to educate
her parents on how all people of you
know dark skinned art are you know
normal like everybody else maybe educate
her parents by letting them get to know
her boyfriend meet him and maybe she can
open up a dialogue dialogue with her
parents them do you think she's gonna
change her I mean you're not just relax
a little bit yeah but she's not gonna
change her parent right at this point
there's no room for bigots and this may
be just don't say anything she should
just go ahead and do that's what I said
I mean don't lie to your parents don't
tell them everything thanks for your
call Casey